Update how-to-managed-network.md (#123745)
Azure/azure-content: articles/machine-learning/how-to-managed-network.md

* FQDN outbound rules only support ports 80 and 443.
* If your compute instance is in a managed network and is configured for no public IP, use the `az ml compute connect-ssh` command to connect to it using SSH.
* When using Managed Vnet, you can't deploy compute resources inside your custom Vnet. Compute resources can only be created inside the managed Vnet.
* Managed network isolation cannot establish a private connection from the managed virtual network to a user's on-premises resources.

> For the list of supported private connections, see [Private Endpoints](/azure/machine-learning/how-to-managed-network?view=azureml-api-2&tabs=azure-cli&preserve-view=true #private-endpoints).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the list of supported private connections, see [Private Endpoints](/azure/machine-learning/how-to-managed-network?view=azureml-api-2&tabs=azure-cli&preserve-view=true#private-endpoints).
```

> For the list of supported private connections, see [Private Endpoints](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/machine-learning/how-to-managed-network?view=azureml-api-2&tabs=azure-cli#private-endpoints).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the list of supported private connections, see [Private Endpoints](/azure/machine-learning/how-to-managed-network?view=azureml-api-2&tabs=azure-cli&preserve-view=true #private-endpoints).
```
